For Side D - track 18. 
DJ JONAH here, coming to you as always from a SECRET LOCATION up in the BIRD’S NEST… and when DJ Jonah isn’t right behind this microphone, DJ Jonah is out there, jumping like a fool in each and every jive. And let me tell you, listener JANE… Let me tell you, listener JOHN… Oh my. Yours truly has been to a show last night… Oh MY, listeners, and once again oh my… I thought, friends, I thought I know what a musical show can BE… The Things it can DO… the places it can, only if it’s very very good and you are very very in it… TAKE YOU. Oh my. Lookit, I’m all goosebumps even talking about last night. Take a note of their name: THE STEAM PILLARS. You’ll be hearing this name a lot this coming autumn, as our friends at BUZZ RECORDS are telling us they’ll be issuing their very first single this September-October… Oh my, oh my. 

For Track 19
Unlike other bands, who blast the stage with lights and keep the audience in the dark, the Pillars keep their salons well-lit. They want their fans to see each other… to recognize each other… the die-hard fans, longtime followers of the band, are called the CARAVAN and sometimes also Flocks, and by their detractors, FLOCK-HEADS. You can recognize them instantly by their GARISH, sometimes outlANDISH garb… and the many slotted coins they wear, JING-jingalinga-LING, around their wrists and, for some of the more daring ladies, their ANKLES… these die-hards have a slew of ceremonies and games and rituals they play with each other in the blazing HOT, incredibly LOUD musical canvas portrayed to them by the STEAM PILLARS. 

For Track 20?
Could a musical REVOLUTION end this way? With one fell swoop of the MAN’S heavy hand? This is DJ JONAH, coming to you no longer from the aloof ivory tower of the BIRD’S NEST, but from the town square of East St. Louis, where the worst has happened. 